A g4s security van has been robbed outside a branch of royal bank of scotland in glasgow city centre. Police said three armed men took a five-figure sum from the vehicle in the city\'s sauchiehall street on monday at about 21:45. A spokesman said no-one had been injured although two security guards aged 47 and 49 were left badly shaken. The area around the bank, which is near the buchanan galleries shopping centre, has been cordoned off by police. Police said the security guards had been making their delivery when they were approached by the three armed men, who threatened them and demanded they hand over a box of money. It is understood the cash taken was in the region of â£50,000. Following the robbery, the three men got into a white seat leon car, which sped off along west nile street towards the cowcaddens area. The car has since been found in scott street, near stow college. Police said it was being taken for forensic examination. Inquiries have so far revealed that the car performed a u-turn on west nile street, causing a cyclist to take evasive action to avoid a collision, immediately prior to the robbery. Officers are appealing for the cyclist to contact them. The suspects are described as wearing dark-coloured clothing and balaclavas to conceal their identities. Det insp alasdair barlow said: "we are reviewing cctv images in and around the city centre. "we would like to hear from anyone who may have witnessed the incident or noticed the car, in particular the cyclist. "as the car left the scene, it was being driven at speed so people may have noticed its excessive speed."
London\'s first history day will be held on the anniversary of big ben\'s first day in operation. It will be first celebrated on 31 may in 2017 with celebrations and events run by historic england. The date was decided upon after a poll involving 1,000 londoners. It was closely followed by 5 september - the date of the great fire of london. The yougov questionnaire also declared the houses of parliament as the building that best sums up london. People voted for the queen as their favourite historic london hero for the moment she secretly joined the crowds to celebrate victory in europe day. The results of the poll were released to mark the launch of historic england\'s "keep it london" campaign. People were asked to select a date to celebrate the capital\'s history, their historic hero and the building that sums up london. Big ben\'s first day in operation was 31 may 1859. The campaign is intended to encourage londoners to notice, celebrate and speak up for the heritage of their city, historic england said. The public body has also launched a film entitled i am london, which celebrates the historic buildings and places that have borne witness to the capital\'s history. Duncan wilson, chief executive of historic england, said: "our heritage is a source of pride, a reminder of the city\'s past, a foundation for its present and the building blocks for its future."
